Adding array_remove set_function for array field (#49)
M1hacka/django-pg-bulk-update: README.md

      This function can be used, if you want to update value only if it is not None.
    - 'union'  
      This function combines ArrayField value with previous one, removing duplicates.
    - 'array_remove'  

>       This function delete value from ArrayField field using array_remove PSQL Function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      This function deletes value from ArrayField field using array_remove PostgreSQL function.
```
